---
title: 'On think[box]'
date: 2024-11-23
permalink: /posts/tbx
tags:
  - think[box]
  - makerspace
---

These are a few notes about thinkbox, its history, and my involvement with it. I'll probably add more here at some point. 

[think[box]](https://thinkbox.case.edu) is now "the largest open-access innovation center and makerspace in the United States," but, like so many things, it was once a PowerPoint presentation...


## Early Plans
The earliest stirrings of think[box] discussions were under the name "Case Idea Institute." (I always assumed the name was changed because someone realized that could sound too much like "Quesadilla Institute." A missed opportunity? Perhaps. And no, I have nothing to back that up.) 

I'm not sure where the "think[box]" name came from, but I first saw it used around 2011. I do think the bracket thing is clever, but there was a phase before that was introduced (and for a bit after) when we styled it "ThinkBox". At the time CWRU's branding was heavily invested in the motto "Think beyond the possible," which is still in current, albeit more seldom, use. It was not lost on the student body that the slogan means very little, if anything. Perhaps it brings to mind Bismarck's phrase "Politics is the art of the possible," but that has nothing especially to do with us and doesn't diminish the essential semantic nullity of the statement, soo..... Anyway, for a while https://drinkbeyondthepossible.com redirected to the CWRU website. I believe this was the work of Hacker Society founder Steve Dee.

(A note on CWRU branding: Personally, my favorite is the CIT shield in the [CAA logo](https://i0.wp.com/casealumnus.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/CAA-Seal-Logo-14-copy.png?fit=739%2C742&ssl=1), because it actually means something. I also have a soft spot for the 90s sunrise. At the time of writing, I'm waiting for someone from Days Inn to show up at the campus and demand their logo back.) 

There was a student design competition held in 2011. Here's my team's entry:
<iframe src="https://prezi.com/p/embed/XxEijrIglq4m7oA57s7x/" id="iframe_container" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen="" mozallowfullscreen="" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; fullscreen" height="315" width="560"></iframe>

...Yes, it's in Prezi. It was 2011; leave me alone. Only three student design teams participated in the competition; our team won second place. It's something of a note of pride for me that just about everything on our list made it into the final building. The winning entry, as I recall, called for such amenities as a ball pit, a nap room, and a koi pond on the roof; these have yet to be installed. However, they did suggest the notion of a central staircase, which lives on between Floors 2 and 3.

The building renovation was by StudioTechne, the same architecture firm that renovated the Lee Road branch of the Cleveland Heights library back in 2006. You can see the shared DNA in the bridge to Veale, which resembles the bridge across Lee Road. (The former is named for Jim Wyant W7AH, great optical phyisicist and friend of W8EDU.) I visited their office on Euclid and met with the architects when we were putting our proposal together. I remember being concerned about whether the low ceilings would be able to accommodate a CNC. 


## Timelapse of Lincoln Storage renovation
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OuFfpoC-brM?si=EkJ8A6iLjAW_1Ygy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

